Improve layout article (#45)
utkarsh006/Eazy-Android: Articles/9_Layout_and_their_types.md

The <b>ViewGroup is a subclass of View</b> and provides invisible container that hold other Views or other ViewGroups and define their layout properties.

At third level we have different <b> layouts which are subclasses of ViewGroup class</b> and a typical layout defines the visual structure for an Android user interface and can be created either at run time using View/ViewGroup objects or you can declare your layout using simple XML file main_layout.xml which is located in the res/layout folder of your project.

# Layout
As explained above, designing gets done in these stages:
- you have <b>view</b> that is base class for widgets like button, textView etc...
- you have group of those views, an invisible container that holds other views which can be termed as <b>ViewGroup</b> like RecyclerView, ListView etc...
- We have <b>layouts</b> like LinearLayout, RelativeLayout etc... that hold views and viewgroups. 

>  

Author: reviewer note: both parts were basically duplicated

> - **Layouts**: Subclasses of the ViewGroup class. A typical layout defines the visual structure for an Android user interface. You can create it either at run time using View/ViewGroup objects or you can declare your layout using simple XML file main_layout.xml which is located in the res/layout folder of your project. Examples are LinearLayout, RelativeLayout, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Layouts**: Subclasses of the ViewGroup class. A typical layout defines the visual structure for an Android user interface. You can create it either at run time using View/ViewGroup objects or you can declare your layout using an XML file main_layout.xml which is located in the res/layout folder of your project. Examples are LinearLayout, RelativeLayout, etc. Learn more about these example layouts below. <!-- anchor link? --> 
```

                                                               

</pre>
<hr>

Typical syntax is as follows:

> <br><hr> 

Author: html tags not needed in GitHub markdown

   
< / LinearLayout >
</pre>

Once your layout has been created, you can load the layout resource from your application code, in your `Activity.onCreate()` callback implementation as follows:

<pre>
public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
   super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
   setContentView(R.layout.activity_main);
}
</pre>

## Layout properties

- Layouts are subclasses of *ViewGroup* class and define the visual structure for an Android user interface
- Create your layouts at run time using View/ViewGroup objects or declare your layout using an XML file main_layout.xml which is located in the res/layout folder of your project.

## Different layout types

There are numerous Layouts provided by Android which you will use in almost all the Android applications to provide different view, look and feel. Let's look at some of the layouts below.

> ## GridView: ViewGroup to display items in a two-dimensional and scrollable grid

Author: ```suggestion
### GridView: ViewGroup to display items in a two-dimensional and scrollable grid
```

> ### GridView: ViewGroup to display items in a two-dimensional and scrollable grid

Author: reviewer note: converted to h3 and linked from above.

                              |___________________________|

</pre>

> ## ListView: ViewGroup to display a list of scrollable items

Author: ```suggestion
### ListView: ViewGroup to display a list of scrollable items
```

                              |_________Listiew___________|

</pre>

> ##  FrameLayout: Placeholder on screen that you can use to display a single view

Author: ```suggestion
### FrameLayout: Placeholder on the screen that you can use to display a single view
```

                              |___________________________|

</pre>

> ##  AbsoluteLayout: Specify the exact location of its children

Author: ```suggestion
### AbsoluteLayout: Specify the exact location of its children
```

                              |___________________________|

</pre>

> ## TableLayout: View that groups views into rows and columns

Author: ```suggestion
### TableLayout: View that groups views into rows and columns
```

                              |___________________________|

</pre>

> ## RelativeLayout: ViewGroup that displays child views in relative positions

Author: ```suggestion
### RelativeLayout: ViewGroup that displays child views in relative positions
```

                              |___________________________|

</pre>

> ## LinearLayout: ViewGroup that aligns all children in a single direction (vertically or horizontally)

Author: ```suggestion
### LinearLayout: ViewGroup that aligns all children in a single direction (vertically or horizontally)
```

                              |________LinearLayout_______|

</pre>

> ## Constraint Layout: Views in this layout have are alinged with a invisible constraint

Author: ```suggestion
### ConstraintLayout: Views in this layout are aligned with an invisible constraint
```

                              |____________/______________|

</pre>

> ## Layout attributes

Author: table is better consumable by readers.
